Hi everyone, my name is Sanjeev Thiyagarajan, and I will be your instructor for this course.
In this course, I'm going to teach you how to build APIs in Python using a very popular
framework called FastAPI, which makes it incredibly easy to build highly performant APIs in Python.
Now, through this course, we're going to learn about common conventions when building APIs.
We'll dive into the ins and outs of FastAPI, as well as learn how to read and write data
to a PostgreSQL database.
We'll also cover how to implement authentication within our API.
So users can not only sign up, but also log in by utilizing JSON Web Tokens.
And in this course, we're not going to just cover building APIs, we're going to learn
a lot more than that.
We're also going to cover how to properly test our APIs using a tool called Pytest.
We'll also learn how to handle database migrations.
And we'll learn how to deploy your application to two different platforms.
That includes deploying to an Ubuntu server as well as Heroku.
On top of that, I'm going to show you guys how to dockerize your application so it can
run within a Docker container.
And we're going to build a CI/CD pipeline so that we can automate the testing and deployment
of our application.
So by the end of this course, you will have a solid understanding of how to build robust
APIs and how to properly test and deploy them.
So whether you're building a back end for a web app, or creating an API for a machine
learning model, you'll have all the tools you'll need to get up and running.
So we've got a lot to learn.
Let's get right to it and see what we'll be building in this course.